Added versioning to the guide (#20)
klira/guide: engineering/source-code.md

| Most code running in production + some open-source libraries | [`github.com/zensum/`](https://github.com/zensum/)                         |
| Newer open-source code                                       | [`github.com/klira/`](https://github.com/klira/)                           |
| Open-source for open-broker                                  | [`github.com/open-broker/`](https://github.com/open-broker/)               |
| Not yet deployed integrations                                | [`gitlab.com/zensum/integrations`](https://gitlab.com/zensum/integrations) |

## How to version libraries

> We are using semantic versioning where it's possible. Don't be afraid of increment the version of our libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) where it's possible. Don't be afraid of increment the version of our libraries.
```

I think we should link to semver.org since they already do a good job at explaining what _semantic versioning_ is. But I also think it is good to keep the explanation below, so you don't have to go to their website unless you want to get a more in-depth read about semantic versioning.

Author: Yeah thought of doing that but forgot. :P

> Given a version number MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH, increment the:

Reviewer: Maybe we can use `>` to show that this is a quote from semver.org, and not something that we have made up ourselves (to give it some more legitimacy).

Author: True, have added that.

    1. MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes,
    2. MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner, and
    3. PATCH version when you make backwards-compatible bug fixes.

We will not use labels like pre-release and build metadata.

> If the library consist of multiple parts that is not tightly connected, then we use a number that is increment each time we do a change to the library. So you can eaily compare two version just based on the number and see which is newer. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the library consists of multiple parts that is not tightly connected, then we use a number that is incremented each time we do a change to the library. So you can easily compare two versions just based on the number and see which is newer.
```

Author: Thanks
